well people say why'd you why'd you rage
why did you scream what why you're so
fucking out the BBC are running another
story it's a daily fucking practice
another story against the NHS let's just
take this story BBC Breakfast News BBC
News but you're saying that like this is
for this is shocking this is shocking
patients are being let home late at
night between 11:00 and 6:00 in the
morning oh my good god can you hear the
shock on the voice of the reports just
heard Sheila Foley or whatever our
fucking faces I don't know her name but
the shock
that's 3 percent 3 percent of all
patients go home at that night what
about the other 97 percent times at 97
to 3 percent of the patients go home
it's done by The Times newspaper The
Times newspaper and it doesn't make a
distinction whether these people have
been taken in an emergency doesn't say
oh they got taken in at 11 o'clock
they've come in and drunk from the pub
and hurt their thumb and they just got
sent home doesn't say that doesn't say
anything but what she does she starts in
fear and always it the elderly or been
ever had it gonna get home what about a
chunk now it doesn't say any of that
you're making that bit out then they say
all that government's gonna look into it
oh the government's gonna look into it
oh thank fuck for that thank fuck for
that BBC News because we know a
beautiful and they're great the
government is with the NHS where's your
fucking match member and story we'll buy
his story from the news player don't put
on your fucking it lights where's your
headlines about fucking Devon health
care selling off Devon selling off child
health care to circle a Richard fucking
Branson relative child care what about
that children they've got fucking
disabilities being sold off to
profiteering
where is that I would love I would love
one fucking conversation with any BBC
journalist or any cotton that works for
the fucking BBC about this issue about
this fucking issue do you realize do you
realize what you are fucking doing the
NHS has been sold of vulnerable people
are gonna fucking die
people are gonna start queuing up to be
on the in exist because the referee's
rest of its it's gonna be for the
fucking rich and for the middle classes
can afford it cuz what is government's
done and what a pass fucking
government's done is continually sent
off sell off our National Health Service
and you're not saying nothing where's
your fucking panorama investigating the
fucking lords and ladies and the N
fucking pays who have got personal
fucking wealth profit fucking money
interests in selling off the NH fucking
s oh you and going cuz the hand of the
fucking BBC Lord pan has got fucking
personal interest in Tsim private
fucking health care and that's the truth
of it so Nicky fucking Campbell Sheila
Fergie and any other you fucking wankers
that work at a BBC you're not fucking
journalists you're not journalists your
fucking Stooges your repears for the
fucking government your families your
fucking families your children your mums
and dads your arms and your fucking
uncles should be ashamed of yourselves
they should be ashamed of you you you
are not - what are you nothing you're
just a fucking propaganda machine for
the government but this is about all of
us this is about every single person
this is about the fucking NHS and
they've sold it to gold diggers and
there's a massive trough of fucking
money and a
people are gonna suffer I was vulnerable
fucking people
people are sick people that are elderly
children have you know fucking shame BBC
and the people during the 12 feeds that
a BBC fucking a shame shame on you shame
on you you're fucking - you're a
disgrace the BBC the fucking way where's
where's why don't you stand up to these
fucking people this is their fucking do
you know what they're doing to the NHS
and you'll turn it by your daily fucking
terrain of like finding fucking stories
against your exist when you're gonna
find the story against the privatization
when are you gonna run every fucking day
it's disgusting